0:00 The screen shows a Google Meet window with two participants, Harshavardhan Grandi and Naman Agnihotri. Harshavardhan is in the top window, and Naman is in the bottom window. There is a padlock icon next to Harshavardhan's name. The screen also shows a small window with a list of meeting agenda items. The agenda items include: Welcome and Introductions, Project Progress Update, Project Deadlines and Timelines, Current Performance and Challenges, New Data Collection Strategies, Dashboard Design Review, and Presentation of Latest Designs.

0:02 Okay, so, good morning Harsh. What is this time? Good evening Harshavardhan. Uh, good evening Mr. Agnihotri. How was your day?

0:12 Yeah, it's going well. How was yours? Uh, it was also great. I just played, I just, uh, played a game known as BGM and raised it in a Ace Masters. So, yeah. I couldn't please, did you do today?

0:26 Wow, nice, nice. I'm waiting for you to reach there too. Yeah, sure. And, we will go on Conqueror as well. Okay, sure, sure. I am ambitious. That's what I like to hear. Okay, so, moving towards the agenda of our meeting.

0:44 Uh, we would be discussing about our project, that is AI powered exam assessment, um, you know, system. Right? So, first thing I want to discuss is the, you know, progress regarding the LLM integration that we are using. The Gemini AI bot that we are going to integrate. I want to know how well the things have been doing, uh, regarding that particular thing. Do you have any idea or should I brief it to you?

1:15 Yeah, you can brief it, then I will continue. Right, so, we have, uh, you know, fine-tuned the model, uh, up to certain level using our 8,000 pages worth of data, and, and uh, we have also configured the model using, you know, we have iterated over 15 to 16 different model configurations, and, we have found a very good sweet spot on which the model is able to generate good, uh, accurate results. It is able to assess the copies really well. So, that is something that uh, we have achieved in this particular month.

1:52 Uh, the challenges that we are actually, uh, facing are is the arithmetic and mathematical, uh, problems with the model. Uh, the model, model is able to assess the copies, but it is not able to generate a final accurate report regarding the final marks. Okay, it is not able to add the marks. Let's say the question one has five marks, the question two has seven marks, uh, and question three has three marks. Uh, so it's going to be 15, right? But, the model is, uh, giving vague outputs. So, we have to figure out something regarding that. We have to structureize the data, so, that we can use some, something, some code to actually, you know, automate that thing rather than relying on the model to provide, uh, accurate, uh, marks. We can just, uh, get the, uh, output in a certain structure form, such as JSON format, and we can then simply iterate over that JSON, um, particular JSON file, and we can just, uh, generate final results using some code and Gemini.

2:53 So, that is some LLM integration thing that has happened in this month. Yeah. Okay.

3:01 Uh, uh, so now, we will be moving towards project deadlines and timelines. I hope you have something prepared for that, right? You were going to discuss something regarding that.

3:13 Yes, yes. So, as you know that our project has been sponsored by Ironworks, and uh, they have provided monetary sponsorship. Okay, okay. And, they expect, uh, they, I guess they are provided up to 40 to 50 K, uh, rupees. Yeah, and uh, they expect, uh, something deliverable up to, I guess, uh, next 2 months. They expect something. Okay. So, I have prepared a, uh, overview of what we would be developing, and what are our agendas for the next 2 months. Okay. So, the thing, uh, you have mentioned that the LLM is still not capable of solving arithmetic problems. Right. So, as they are provided, uh, um, monetary sponsorship. So, we can try different, uh, LLMs are available in the market, such as Cloud LLM. Okay. So, I, I think that it's, uh, best in solving coding problems. So, I guess, uh, it could also solve arithmetic problems. So, our agenda for the next 1 month would be testing different LLMs, and uh, uh, uh, let's see which performs the best. And uh, the second agenda is, uh, as uh, you know that, uh, our, uh, the project is not fully automated. Right. Still, we need to drag the questions and answers over there. So, we will try to automate that thing, and uh, develop our, improve our deep learning model. Um, currently, as you know, we have achieved 83.2%, of accuracy. So, we will try to gather more and more data, and uh, uh, reach out to many other companies or schools or universities through the connections of Ironworks, and gather more and more data. And uh, let's see, uh, how it works, and we will train and we will use different techniques as well. And uh, uh, uh, if, if possible, then we could also, uh, talk with some connections who are expert in this field. Uh, so, we could get a good accuracy, and we will try to automate, uh, this thing, uh, by the end of, uh, next 2 months. Um, uh, yeah. So, this is the brief idea. Uh, is, we have been actually already been spending over a month building that own custom model, right? For question, answer mapping thing. How much more time that we can actually spend on that particular part of the project? What is the available resources? Yeah, first of all, uh, first of all, we would, uh, talk with some universities, and, uh, let's see, uh, how fast they can provide us with the data, and uh, anyways, we need some data, and it's not like, we will stop somewhere, and uh, uh, we would definitely, uh, train the model, and I guess, if the data is, uh, in good condition, that is structured data or, it's clean data, then we could, uh, move forward, uh, and uh, spend some time like, at least a month, and uh, we could, uh, uh, we could achieve, uh, we could set a goal as 90% of accuracy for our model. So, I think 1 month of time is bare minimum, and it's required. Okay, okay. Sure, then. Uh, I guess everyone is clear with what we have to do. So, we can end this meeting. Okay. Thank you. Sure. Thank you. 

6:41 The screen shows a dark background with a menu bar at the top and a toolbar at the bottom. The menu bar shows the following options: File, Edit, View, Docks, Scene, Profile, Tools, and Help. The toolbar shows the following options: Scenes, Sources, Audio Mixer, Scene Transitions, Controls, and Stop Streaming.